README.md, before:

<!-- 
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/writing-package-pages). 

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages). 
-->

TODO: Put a short description of the package here that helps potential users
know whether this package might be useful for them.

## Features

TODO: List what your package can do. Maybe include images, gifs, or videos.

## Getting started

TODO: List prerequisites and provide or point to information on how to
start using the package.

## Usage

TODO: Include short and useful examples for package users. Add longer examples
to `/example` folder. 

```dart
const like = 'sample';
```

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to 
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect 
from the package authors, and more.

Commit message:

Add some files of learning result and update README & gitignore

README.md, after:

<!-- 
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/writing-package-pages). 

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages). 

For general information about writing README 101, see the guide [here](https://www.makeareadme.com/).
-->

My personal repository for learning Dart language.

## Attachments

* Latihan Dart
* Konversi Suhu
* Segitiga Loop
* Hitung Nama

## Resource

This repository refers to the results of self-study at class of Dicoding Academy named "Memulai Pemrograman dengan Dart". The learning syllabus can be seen at the following [link](https://www.dicoding.com/academies/191). This class is the first stage of the Learning Path as a [Multi-Platform Application Developer](https://www.dicoding.com/learningpaths/21).
